Hello dear viewers with you
where is moss-1 and today I will tell you about
probably we will twist each of you
sailed deep and saw
strange creature it was a squid octopus
or octopus
call it what you want is an octopus
friendly could that was added in
game update beta
1.2 octopus lives in big bugs
depth often in groups of several themselves
from 2 to 5 they are executed on any
difficulty level and does not attack the player when
any circumstances like others
friendly can only
practical benefits of spruts getting
ink bags
after update 1.4.4
here they can exist out of the water and
will suffocate being thrown on
Coast
behavior of the octopus swim aimlessly
trying to hang around the bottom of the reservoir
which they turned out to be if the depth
reservoir in which it turned out labor one
block who are some parts of it
moba will be above the water if the sport
will face the shore thats
make noise
similar to what is produced
ground mobs colliding with blocks
when the octopus moves under water
also what then his player attacks him
tentacle closes and opens
very quickly and his teeth are visible let's say
spruts will not attack the player even
if he is here
if the player starts to attack his health
has 5 hearts spawn water
everywhere in the water in the oceans vazir small
pond and friend only ink bag
from 0 to 3
spawn of the octopus to be performed water on any
depth may appear like blocks
sources such are his channels octopus
can theoretically appear in the pool
size 1 on 1 again for one block
although the probability of this is extremely small
lighting level not
no value prerequisite
is the presence of a transparent block
directly selected for
full of water
such when another block is air glass
ice or other octopus will not
appear in a pool 1 block deep
closed on top of the stone a little text
also spawning which you need to ponder
let's say the reason for the known complexity
and sprout breeding is low
spawn raid aquatic inhabitants it is three
times lower than in land animals and 14
times less monsters maximum
the number of spruts at which the game
will eat from spawning them another six
by six percent on each player this
means that a single player will appear after
the appearance of 6 spruts can span completely
stop before they die or d spawn
however, the map may appear
effective up to 6 octopus per one chang
if each is randomly selected for
spawn spot comes across to sell
suitable block the rest are valid those
same rules as for other groups
can usb areas she is
square plot 17 for 17 chunks
around the player
excluding blocks at a distance of 2 to 24
meters from the player now let's
consider the secrets and facts spruts have
8 tentacles with just impossible to catch on
fishing rod and pull it out this way
water connection from error sprints to 1.4.4
could float me water and even air
atrocities with this version of the sport and die
in not water choking before sprut not
could and float only dive
after upgrade beta 1.3 can float
in three dimensions
when receiving damage sprut it with octopus
can raise or drop by one
third or 1 / block height dying
doesn't fall on its side
continues to swim for about a second then
sometimes the pond disappears and may appear
the air
quiet drifting in a boat or just
being closer you can hear
the rustles of the octopus concerning despite
the presence of a large tooth
toothy to get does not attack the player
can sometimes appear in the underground lake
floating on the surface of the water
pose a danger to the boat that is
like the shore
pond and flying mice are the only ones
friendly mobs are not capable of
breeding up to 1.6 rods in the morning
began to choke and take damage
swim floating on the surface of the water and on
that's all thanks for watching you
dima uhadi put please like me
I will be very glad to all bye